[Hackathon] Update "Theory" section in documentation (#5258)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/theory/intro.rst

.. _theory:

Models & Algorithms

> ===================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overview
========
```

.. _theory-pic:

In the *particle-in-cell method* :cite:p:`i-Birdsalllangdon`,

> the electromagnetic fields are solved on a discretized grid while particles are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the electric and magnetic fields are solved on a discretized grid while particles are
```

evolved in continuous space. A high-level schematic of the method is shown in the
figure below with details of the different field solvers, particle handling algorithms,
additional physics modules, etc. described in the sections linked further down.

.. _fig-pic:

.. figure:: PIC.png

>    :alt: [fig:PIC] The Particle-In-Cell (PIC) method follows the evolution of a collection of charged macro-particles (positively charged in blue on the left plot, negatively charged in red) that evolve self-consistently with their electromagnetic (or electrostatic) fields. The core PIC algorithm involves four operations at each time step: 1) evolve the velocity and position of the particles using the Newton-Lorentz equations, 2) deposit the charge and/or current densities through interpolation from the particles distributions onto the grid, 3) evolve Maxwell’s wave equations (for electromagnetic) or solve Poisson’s equation (for electrostatic) on the grid, 4) interpolate the fields from the grid onto the particles for the next particle push. Additional “add-ons” operations are inserted between these core operations to account for additional physics (e.g. absorption/emission of particles, addition of external forces to account for accelerator focusing or accelerating component) or numerical effects (e.g. smoothing/filtering of the charge/current densities and/or fields on the grid).

Reviewer: Caption too long

   The Particle-In-Cell (PIC) method follows the evolution of a collection of charged macro-particles (positively charged in blue on the left plot, negatively charged in red) that evolve self-consistently with their electromagnetic (or electrostatic) fields. The core PIC algorithm involves four operations at each time step: 1) evolve the velocity and position of the particles using the Newton-Lorentz equations, 2) deposit the charge and/or current densities through interpolation from the particles distributions onto the grid, 3) evolve Maxwell’s wave equations (for electromagnetic) or solve Poisson’s equation (for electrostatic) on the grid, 4) interpolate the fields from the grid onto the particles for the next particle push. Additional “add-ons” operations are inserted between these core operations to account for additional physics (e.g. absorption/emission of particles, addition of external forces to account for accelerator focusing or accelerating component) or numerical effects (e.g. smoothing/filtering of the charge/current densities and/or fields on the grid).

> .. figure:: Plasma_acceleration_sim.png

Reviewer: We can remove this.
